---
title: On living with sister
description: 
date: 2026-06-01
tags: ["japan", "personal", "sisterhood"]
---

## Ramen and reacquaintance 
I woke up from a jetlagged haze at 11:45 am today and was greeted with the sight of my older sister making a bowl of fresh ramen for herself. I watched her cut soft tofu vertically into slices, then aggregating the slices together to cut them again into cubes. The ramen she uses is store-bought, freshly made egg noodles with a slightly chewy texture. For the broth, she adds a half teaspoon of veggie bouillon and a half teaspoon of veggie soup base into the bowl, pouring boiling water from a kettle to dissolve the flavors. Finally, she adds slices of scallion as garnish, giving the ramen a pop of color. I like watching my sister. I'm learning more about her every day. We haven't lived together for an extended period of time since 2021, so in many ways, I'm getting reacquainted with her. 
    
I like observing my sister live her daily life. I like to witness how she paces around her dinner table while she studies, earphones in both ears and her iPad in hand, wearing a pink oversized dress. The kind of leisure dress that's shapeless, comfy, and made for lounging at home. When I first arrived at her apartment, I noticed the books she has on her bookshelf, a collection of vegan cookbooks with a number of books gifted by her friends, including _On Earth We're Briefly Gorgeous_ by Ocean Vuong and _Being Mortal_ by Atul Gawande, both books I've been meaning to read for a long time but haven't quite sat down to properly consume. I think bookshelves can tell you a lot about someone - what interests them, what ideas resonate with them, whose mind they're soaking in. 

Over the last couple of days, I've also been taking note of the brands and products she uses. There are things I recognize from the last time I lived with her. She owns the same standing desk, with a black rotary hand crank on the right side. Her trusty red Vitamix blender is a permanent resident on her countertop, which she's had for a decade. Her Lululemon yoga mat she's had since that one summer she took a yoga teacher certification course. Her plushies, all of which were gifted by her friends, occupy her couch. Then there's the newcomers in this apartment. The widescreen monitor I'm using to write this blog. The apple cutter, a nifty gizmo with blades in a radial pattern that produces slices of the perfect crispy thickness. Her scuba diving gear. All of these items have become integral to her daily life, at this stage of her life. One of the cutest items she owns is a soap dispenser. When you pump it, foamy soap comes out from the top in the shape of a paw. 

## Sisterly bonding    
The way my sister loves her people is to study them. Likewise, I like to study her. She's methodical and organized, a (beautiful) creature of healthy habits. She's the type to plan whereas I prefer to do things spur-of-the-moment. She's jazzed about concocting smoothies out of beans and readily says "I LOVEEEeee beans!" in every discussion about food. In her pantry, she's stocked a comprehensive array of legumes, an assortment that resembles what you'd find in bulk food stores of black beans, adzuki beans, lentils, green beans, and so on. I distinctly remember coming off of my 25+ hr flight and despairing at how...healthy her pantry was. My brain craved chips, cookies, and snacks. But I was met with the disappointing view of unprocessed, wholesome plant seeds. As you can tell, my sister is a proper lady and I'm actually a gremlin. It is a true miracle that we came from the same womb. 🙏😂

After lunch, my sister and I headed to the grocery store. Here in Japan, all the produce is unblemished and neatly packaged. We loaded up the shopping cart with plenty of fruits and veggies, including kale, apples, bananas, oranges, broccoli, and eggs. Then we headed to my favorite section of the store- pastries and ice cream ^_^. Unlike my older sister, my appetite for sugary foods is enormous (well, my appetite in general is actually planet-sized, but hey, a girl's gotta eat!). Luckily for me, my sister supports my sugar addiction and bought me a blueberry cream cheese pastry loaf. The filling was comically scarce but still tasty and the bread was pillowy. Thanks to the pastry loaf, I had enough fuel and motivation to write this blog post!